# Comments for Problem Statement.pdf

> **Highlighted Text:** "excess return generated by legislators compared to the S&P 50"

**Reviewer**: These are really interesting variables - how would you define them to the average audience? Why is the S&P 500 a good baseline comparison?

---

> **Highlighted Text:** "[Anchored near: "...0—and investigate correlations between committee power and portfolio performance."]"

**Reviewer**: I like the comprehensive overview here! As we talked about in class, how will you tie this to even larger issues, about democracy and public trust for the government? i.e. Why does this matter for the society?

---

> **Highlighted Text:** "abnormal returns i"

**Reviewer**: I'd suggest being careful with this kind of suggestive language - till you find stat. significant result, you can't really say that it's "abnormal", right?

---

> **Highlighted Text:** "information advantage decay "

**Reviewer**: Wow these are all great big words! Would be great if you could succinctly define them for the general audience in the final project?

---

> **Highlighted Text:** "official government sites "

**Reviewer**: It's great that you can do such a project based on publicly available data. Of course, scaping has been a controversial practice - how would you address potential questions about the ethics of scraping? Just looking ahead in prepping for your final presentation!

---

> **Highlighted Text:** " every sitting member of Congress."

**Reviewer**: Are you trying to construct this project for all members of congress? Or are there certain number of members? Maybe after looking at the general trends, you can pick out the anomalies (highest/lowest returns) and focus on their stories!

---

> **Highlighted Text:** "Jensen’s Alpha "

**Reviewer**: Define this too please!

---

